docs(slug): add storybook docs (#11235)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom: packages/carbon-web-components/src/components/slug/slug-story.mdx

The slug is a component alerting the user of generated AI content.

## Getting started

Here's a quick example to get you started.

### JS (via import)

```javascript
import '@carbon/web-components/es/components/slug/index.js';
```

<Description markdown={`${cdnJs({ components: ['slug'] })}`} />
<Description markdown={`${cdnCss()}`} />

### HTML

```html
<cds-slug size="mini" alignment="bottom-left">
  <div slot="body-text">
    <p class="secondary">AI Explained</p>
    <h1>84%</h1>
    <p class="secondary bold">Confidence score</p>
    <p class="secondary">
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, di os consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do
      eiusmod tempor incididunt ut fsil labore et dolore magna aliqua.
    </p>
    <hr />
    <p class="secondary">Model type</p>
    <p class="bold">Foundation model</p>
  </div>
</cds-slug>
```

## `<cds-slug>` attributes, properties and events

Note: For `boolean` attributes, `true` means simply setting the attribute (e.g.

> `<cds-slug revertActive>`) and `false` means not setting the attribute (e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<cds-slug revert-active>`) and `false` means not setting the attribute (e.g.
```
